---
layout: post
title: Fasten your seat belt and prepare for takeoff
---

It has begun! Monday was the start of my internship here at Newtec. I started as a PQA engineer (product quality assurance). Starting exactly now promises to kick start my internship, as this week is also the week of the PQA-team. Which means a week full of Training and little bit teambuilding.

The first day started with an introduction training on basic satellite communication. And i learned a lot, but learning a lot would be the main theme of this week. Trainings followed each other up in a staggering pace, I also got to know the structure and the structure of the company and the PQA team. This first week Thomas D'haenen Guided me trough this ocean of new information as a young employee he still knows how it feels to enter the company. I also started reporting what i'm doing so everybody can follow on my internship, but also for myself to keep track of everything.

The rest of the week kept being interesting, we shaped a bit more the subject of my bachelor thesis and divided it in smaller steps. The first step for my thesis will be a small desktop study around ipv4 and ipv6 to make sure that i fully posses the knowledge about it before i start running some tests. The cool thing is that every day i get a bit more the hang of satcom. Everybody here in the PQA team is really helpful and is always prepared to answer a question, which is an awesome feeling if you're just new and have a thousand questions per minute.

On Wednesday it was the team dinner, so we went out for dinner with the team, for me it was the perfect occasion to get to know the persons behind the great minds they are. On that good note I'd like to end my first blog post, i'm very i glad i got the opportunity for this internship and I'm excited for the coming 12 weeks.